hi everyone so today I'm going to be
doing a video on how I grew up my hair I
get questions a lot every single day in
regard to how did you vote you're so
long I want my hair to be the same
length as yours when I started making
YouTube videos I chopped off my hair
about this short so a lot and my hair
was actually longer than this
it was probably below my foot no in the
middle of my butt that makes any sense
and then I chopped it off because it was
really you know driving me crazy in
maintaining it and then after I chopped
it off I actually missed my long hair
and I let it grow so this is how it
looks like how long it is it's probably
now up to my but drink plenty of water
you need a lot a lot of water in your
system and by drinking a lot of water
you strengthen your hair follicles and
it allows your hair to grow faster so
drink lots of water okay do not call me
hair when it's wet I know that in the
past I've done that and my hair was so
brittle and it cost so much breakage and
it was terrible it was really damaged so
if you do call me here we're used a wide
tooth comb um I don't have my hair but
you guys know we're wide tooth comb
looks like right
okay this is not it but it's a rectangle
and sorry
the bristles are really like sperm you
spread out okay so they're spread all
seems like that would be one and that
would be another so it looks okay I'm
not making any sense here but I will
post a picture somewhere hopefully and
show you guys what a wide toothed comb
is try to avoid it at all cost
Boyd using any Hot Tools straighteners
curlers crimpers any of that I know that
I curl my hair a lot as you can see in
probably most of my videos but I only do
it when necessary okay I don't do it
when I don't need it okay like for
example I don't straighten my hair at
all like at all
this is how my hair is I don't
straighten my hair because it's not to
me straight so would it make sense I try
to avoid using any harsh what do you
call those hair products oh so I don't
use a lot of hair sprays I don't use
djalu's any of that what I do news is
this this Sunsilk you guys know I love
this um it's like an anti flat popping
cream and I know they discontinued this
but lucky for me I stocked up on it yeah
they just pump a little bit on my hand
like that and then just run it through
my hair and that's about it and it makes
your hair very soft and smooth so that's
that okay so avoiding using hair
products or hair tools definite must rim
your split and every six weeks or so
okay that's I guess they're required or
recommended amount of time for you to
split your hair and cut your split ends
however I don't let's every trim my hair
every six weeks which I should mm-hmm
because I'm getting rid of all my dead
ends I'm a split ends at the same time
for it to grow very healthy and long and
very luscious okay so by trimming hair
it definitely definitely helps your hair
grow faster
you're not wash your hair every single
day I remember someone
sending me email saying that they
watching every single day and why they
weren't really seeing any results and
it's because when you'll wash you here
actually you dry up your skull right and
you cause you to be more brittle so do
not wash every single day what you want
to do is wash it every other day or two
days it just depends on the person but
you do however need essential oils in
your hair
French we need to choose a proper
conditioner or shampoo I know that when
I was very itchy I know that I used to
use Pantene pro-v and sexy clear mark
aka mark and told me I shouldn't use it
because it wasn't really doing any good
to my hand I was leaving some sort of
residue I switched my shampoo and now
I'm using John Frieda right here chef
Gullu conditioner this is the
conditioner and it says smooth is for
supple shiny hair controls frizz okay
and yeah and the shampoo is just the
same thing but it says silken for
insulin either straight styling
minimizes Fred's these are amazing and
you can get them at Dollarama I know I
was so shocked when I seen them there I
mean any dirty dollars each so yeah you
guys need to get them excited all around
my near you they really work I've not
been using them and that's how I get the
shine in my hair see ya so choose the
proper shampoo and conditioner so many
questions about hair products that I've
been using let me know and I will get
back to you as soon as I can alright
good luck by yourself